Share Link copied to clipboard! TagsAIAudienceEnterpriseContent typesNewsProductsEdgeMicrosoft 365Microsoft 365 CopilotMicrosoft TeamsMicrosoft Viva Try Microsoft 365 Copilot Available on desktop and mobile devices Try Copilot Chat Microsoft Copilot for Microsoft 365 is now Microsoft 365 Copilot and Microsoft Sales Copilot is now Microsoft 365 Copilot for Sales. Learn more. Today, at Microsoft Inspire 2023, we announced the next steps in our journey to empower every person on the planet to work in a new AI-powered way. First, we’re significantly expanding Bing to reach new audiences with Bing Chat Enterprise, delivering AI-powered chat for work, and rolling out today in preview, which means that more than 160 million people already have access. Second, to help commercial customers plan, we’re sharing that Copilot for Microsoft 365 will be priced at USD30 per user, per month for Microsoft 365 E3, E5, Business Standard, and Business Premium customers when broadly available; we’ll share more on timing in the coming months. Third, we’re announcing Microsoft Sales Copilot—a role-based copilot for sales professionals to increase productivity and personalize every customer interaction so they can close more deals. Let’s dive in. Introducing Bing Chat Enterprise Employees are looking to use AI tools to help them unlock creativity and productivity at work—70 percent say they would delegate as much work as possible to AI according to our Work Trend Index. But using AI tools that aren’t built for the enterprise inadvertently puts sensitive business data at risk. As organizations adopt AI, they want to be confident that their data is protected. Bing Chat Enterprise gives your organization AI-powered chat for work with commercial data protection. With Bing Chat Enterprise, user and business data are protected and will not leak outside the organization. What goes in—and comes out—remains protected. Chat data is not saved, and Microsoft has no eyes-on access, which means no one can view your data. And, your data is not used to train the models. Whether researching industry insights, analyzing data, or looking for inspiration, Bing Chat Enterprise gives people access to better answers, greater efficiency, and new ways to be creative. Just like Bing Chat, Bing Chat Enterprise is grounded in web data and provides complete, verifiable answers with citations, along with visual answers that include graphs, charts, and images, and is designed in line with our AI principles. Bing Chat Enterprise is rolling out in preview today and is included at no additional cost in Microsoft 365 E3, E5, Business Standard, and Business Premium. And in the future, it will be available as a standalone offering for USD5 per user, per month. You can access Bing Chat Enterprise using your work account wherever Bing Chat is supported—Bing.com/chat and the Microsoft Edge sidebar. And, in the future, Bing Chat Enterprise will also be accessible from Windows Copilot. Announcing Copilot for Microsoft 365 pricing for commercial customers copilot for Microsoft 365 Learn more ↗ Bing Chat Enterprise unlocks generative AI for work. And Copilot for Microsoft 365 brings a whole new way of working—reasoning over all your business data in the context of your enterprise, including the ability to ask questions and get answers from the web. Copilot for Microsoft 365 will be available for commercial customers for USD30 per user per month for Microsoft 365 E3, E5, Business Standard, and Business Premium customers when broadly available. Copilot for Microsoft 365 is built on Microsoft’s trusted and comprehensive approach to enterprise-grade security, privacy, identity, compliance, and responsible AI—so you know it’s enterprise ready. This means: Copilot inherits your existing Microsoft 365 security, privacy, identity, and compliance policies. Your data is logically isolated and protected within your Microsoft 365 tenant, and always within your control. At the tenant level, Copilot respects individual and group permission policies. While some generative AI apps focus on a single capability, like real-time transcription or copywriting, Copilot for Microsoft 365 is in a class all of its own. It has all the capabilities of Bing Chat Enterprise, plus so much more. Copilot puts thousands of skills at your command and can reason over all your content and context to take on any task. It’s grounded in your business data in Microsoft Graph—that’s all your emails, calendar, chats, documents, and more. So, Copilot can generate an update from the morning’s meetings, emails, and chat threads to send to the team; get you up to speed on project developments from the last week; or create a SWOT analysis from internal files and data from the web. Copilot for Microsoft 365 is incredible on its own, and it’s also integrated into the apps that millions of people use every day. Copilot jump-starts your creativity in Microsoft Word, analyzes data in Excel, designs presentations in PowerPoint, triages your Outlook inbox, summarizes meetings in Microsoft Teams—whether you attended or not—and so much more. In May, we announced the expansion of our Copilot for Microsoft 365 paid Early Access Program to 600 enterprise customers worldwide, including companies like KPMG, Lumen, and Emirates NBD. And customers are seeing the value. We’re learning that the more customers use Copilot, the more their enthusiasm for Copilot grows. Soon, no one will want to work without it. Copilot for Microsoft 365: Thousands of skills. All your data. Infinite possibilities. Learn more about your copilot for work. Introducing Microsoft Sales Copilot We’re also introducing Microsoft Sales Copilot, a new role-based copilot designed to be a seller’s companion and save them time with CRM task automation, identify top sales opportunities with AI-powered real-time insights, and allow sellers to cut the busy work, connect to actionable insights, and close more deals. Sales Copilot can be accessed in the tools where sellers work—whether that’s Outlook, Microsoft Teams, or Microsoft Dynamics 365 Sales—and connects to other CRM systems like Salesforce. It is the first of our new class of role-based copilots with domain-specific expertise that will supercharge employee productivity across every role and function. New AI capabilities across Microsoft 365 We’re continuing to innovate across Microsoft 365 with new AI-powered capabilities to empower people wherever and however they work to be productive and engaged in new ways. Copilot in Microsoft Teams Phone will quickly generate summaries of phone conversations, capture action items, and answer your questions about your phone calls. When summarizing calls, Copilot will highlight key points, such as names, dates, and numbers, and can also recommend next steps based on the discussion. By automating these tasks, Copilot helps you stay focused and engaged during calls. These copilot capabilities are available on calls with other Teams users, or when making calls from your Teams Phone number. Copilot in Teams chat helps you quickly get up-to-speed and synthesize key information across all your Teams chat threads. Using natural language, you can ask Copilot questions about your chats and get a summary of key decisions. Copilot efficiently summarizes and recaps chats, enabling you to cut through the volume of chats to focus on the most important parts of chat discussions. Copilot in Viva will help boost engagement and performance and will be included in the Viva suite at no additional cost when it’s available in preview later this year. We’re also announcing Microsoft Viva updates, including the launch of Viva Glint, which will help customers understand employee engagement through organization-wide surveys and connected actions, and Viva Pulse, which helps managers and project leads get real-time, confidential feedback in the flow of work. Together, these new capabilities will empower organizations to get a continuous feedback loop to improve engagement and business performance. Updates in Viva Insights, Viva Engage and Viva Goals will offer you a deeper product experience, more admin capabilities, and new APIs. And a new integration with BetterUp will deliver science-backed coaching tools to millions of Microsoft Viva users directly through the Viva Digest emails. We’ve also announced new experiences for Windows 365 to give people more ways to be productive no matter where they log in to work. Windows 365 Frontline makes it easy and affordable to extend the power of Cloud PCs to frontline, shift, and part-time workers, enabling them to securely access their personalized Windows experience on any device no matter where they work. Employees who have part-time or shift-based roles, like healthcare clinicians or call center employees, can quickly and securely log in and out of any device, helping them stay in the flow of work and more easily accomplish critical tasks. Organizations can now provide Cloud PC access for any three employees per license and only need to purchase enough licenses for the number of active users at any given time. And IT admins can easily deploy, manage, and secure all of an organization’s Cloud PCs in the same way they manage the rest of their physical devices. We’re also empowering every IT professional in their critical day-to-day role ensuring their organization’s business-critical data remains accessible. Microsoft 365 Backup backs up and quickly restores an organization’s data to a prior point-in-time at unprecedented speeds after a catastrophic event or unforeseen data loss. Microsoft 365 Archive offers you a cost-effective, long-term storage of inactive or aging files that they still want to maintain for compliance or retention requirements. Both solutions will keep content easily accessible and protected within the Microsoft 365 trust boundary. Empowering every customer and partner in the shift to AI The platform shift to AI offers tremendous opportunity to help organizations realize the promise of AI in a way that meets the highest standards for enterprise security, compliance, privacy, and responsible AI. There are three important steps our partners can take to enable our collective customers in the shift to AI, starting today: First, get customers started now with Bing Chat Enterprise with commercial data protection. Bing Chat Enterprise is included at no additional cost in Microsoft 365 E3, Microsoft 365 E5, Business Standard, and Business Premium. And it’s rolling out in preview today, which means more than 160 million people already have access. Second, help every customer prepare for Copilot for Microsoft 365 by moving to Microsoft 365 E3 or E5 with Semantic Index for Copilot. The value of the Microsoft Cloud has always been clear. And, now with Bing Chat Enterprise, there has never been a better time to move to Microsoft 365 E3 or E5, which are prerequisites for Copilot for Microsoft 365. Copilot has all the capabilities of Bing Chat Enterprise, plus so much more. It’s built on Microsoft’s comprehensive approach to enterprise-grade security, compliance, privacy, and responsible AI—so you know it’s enterprise ready. Third, start using Microsoft Sales Copilot, which is generally available today—the first of our new class of role-based copilots with domain-specific expertise that will enhance employee productivity across every role and function. Learn more about Microsoft Inspire 2023 announcements You can read more about Bing Chat Enterprise and Copilot for Microsoft 365 on our Official Microsoft Blog. Or to read more about all the Microsoft Inspire 2023 announcements today, click here. Download the app now for a 1-month free trial of Copilot Pro Microsoft 365 Team See Microsoft 365 Team posts Related posts June 25 6 min read Copilot in Excel: Built for the era of Frontier Finance June 16 7 min read Copilot Cowork is now generally available June 2 3 min read Introducing Microsoft Scout: Your always-on personal agent
