Earnings Release FY23 Q2 Performance Revenue increased $1.0 billion or 2% driven by growth in Intelligent Cloud and Productivity and Business Processes, offset in part by a decline in More Personal Computing. Intelligent Cloud revenue increased driven by Azure and other cloud services. Productivity and Business Processes revenue increased driven by Office 365 Commercial. More Personal Computing revenue decreased driven by declines in Windows, Devices, and Gaming. Cost of revenue increased $528 million or 3% driven by growth in Microsoft Cloud, offset in part by a reduction in depreciation expense due to the change in accounting estimate for the useful lives of our server and network equipment. Gross margin increased $491 million or 1% driven by growth in Intelligent Cloud and Productivity and Business Processes and the change in accounting estimate, offset in part by a decline in More Personal Computing. • Gross margin percentage decreased slightly. Excluding the impact of the change in accounting estimate, gross margin percentage decreased 2 points driven by reductions in More Personal Computing and Intelligent Cloud, offset in part by sales mix shift. • Microsoft Cloud gross margin percentage increased 2 points to 72%. Excluding the impact of the change in accounting estimate, Microsoft Cloud gross margin percentage decreased 1 point driven by sales mix shift to Azure and other cloud services and higher energy costs. Operating expenses increased $2.3 billion or 19% driven by employee severance expenses, investments in cloud engineering, the Nuance acquisition, and LinkedIn. Key changes in operating expenses were: • Research and development expenses increased $1.1 billion or 19% driven by investments in cloud engineering, impairment charges resulting from changes to our hardware portfolio, and LinkedIn. Research and development included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%. • Sales and marketing expenses increased $300 million or 6% driven by the Nuance acquisition and investments in commercial sales. Sales and marketing included a favorable foreign currency impact of 3%. • General and administrative expenses increased $953 million or 69% driven by employee severance expenses. General and administrative included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%. Operating income decreased $1.8 billion or 8% driven by a decline in More Personal Computing, offset in part by the change in accounting estimate. Revenue, gross margin, and operating income included an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 5%, 7%, and 8%, respectively. Cost of revenue and operating expenses both included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%. Current year gross margin, operating income, net income, and diluted EPS were negatively impacted by the Q2 charge, which resulted in decreases of $152 million, $1.2 billion, $946 million, and $0.12, respectively. IMPORTANT NOTICE TO USERS (summary only, click here for full text of notice); All information is unaudited unless otherwise noted or accompanied by an audit opinion and is subject to the more comprehensive information contained in our SEC reports and filings. We do not endorse third-party information. All information speaks as of the last fiscal quarter or year for which we have filed a Form 10-K or 10-Q, or for historical information the date or period expressly indicated in or with such information. We undertake no duty to update the information. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties described in our Forms 10-Q and 10-K. Download Earnings Related Files Information contained in these documents is current as of the earnings date, and not restated for new accounting standards Earnings Call Slides Earnings Call Transcript Financial Statements Outlook Press Release 10Q FY23Q2 Product Release List ASSET PACKAGE Earnings Release Pages Metrics Performance Press Release & Webcast Financial Statements Segment Results Related Information WebcastSEC FilingsXBRL Microsoft Corp (MSFT) 2025 ANNUAL REPORT VIEW ONLINE DOWNLOAD NOW Follow us Share this page
