Earnings Release FY23 Q4 NarrativePower BIPerformance Revenue increased $13.6 billion or 7% driven by growth in Intelligent Cloud and Productivity and Business Processes, offset in part by a decline in More Personal Computing. Intelligent Cloud revenue increased driven by Azure and other cloud services. Productivity and Business Processes revenue increased driven by Office 365 Commercial and LinkedIn. More Personal Computing revenue decreased driven by Windows and Devices. Cost of revenue increased $3.2 billion or 5% driven by growth in Microsoft Cloud, offset in part by the change in accounting estimate. Gross margin increased $10.4 billion or 8% driven by growth in Intelligent Cloud and Productivity and Business Processes and the change in accounting estimate, offset in part by a decline in More Personal Computing. • Gross margin percentage increased slightly. Excluding the impact of the change in accounting estimate, gross margin percentage decreased 1 point driven by declines in Intelligent Cloud and More Personal Computing, offset in part by sales mix shift between our segments. • Microsoft Cloud gross margin percentage increased 2 points to 72%. Excluding the impact of the change in accounting estimate, Microsoft Cloud gross margin percentage decreased slightly driven by a decline in Azure and other cloud services and sales mix shift to Azure and other cloud services, offset in part by improvement in Office 365 Commercial. Operating expenses increased $5.3 billion or 10% driven by employee severance expenses, 2 points of growth from the Nuance and Xandr acquisitions, investments in cloud engineering, and LinkedIn. Operating income increased $5.1 billion or 6% driven by growth in Productivity and Business Processes and Intelligent Cloud and the change in accounting estimate, offset in part by a decline in More Personal Computing. Revenue, gross margin, and operating income included an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 4%, 4%, and 6%, respectively. Cost of revenue and operating expenses both included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%. Current year gross margin, operating income, net income, and diluted EPS were negatively impacted by the Q2 charge, which resulted in decreases of $152 million, $1.2 billion, $946 million, and $0.13, respectively. Prior year net income and diluted EPS were positively impacted by the net tax benefit related to the transfer of intangible properties, which resulted in an increase to net income and diluted EPS of $3.3 billion and $0.44, respectively. IMPORTANT NOTICE TO USERS (summary only, click here for full text of notice); All information is unaudited unless otherwise noted or accompanied by an audit opinion and is subject to the more comprehensive information contained in our SEC reports and filings. We do not endorse third-party information. All information speaks as of the last fiscal quarter or year for which we have filed a Form 10-K or 10-Q, or for historical information the date or period expressly indicated in or with such information. We undertake no duty to update the information. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties described in our Forms 10-Q and 10-K. Download Earnings Related Files Information contained in these documents is current as of the earnings date, and not restated for new accounting standards Earnings Call Slides Earnings Call Transcript Financial Statements Outlook Press Release & Financial Highlights 10K FY23Q4 Product Release List ASSET PACKAGE Earnings Release Pages Metrics Performance Press Release & Webcast Financial Statements Segment Results Related Information WebcastSEC FilingsXBRL Microsoft Corp (MSFT) 2025 ANNUAL REPORT VIEW ONLINE DOWNLOAD NOW Follow us Share this page
