Share Link copied to clipboard! TagsAICopilot for WorkAudienceEnterpriseSmall and medium businessContent typesNewsProductsExcelMicrosoft 365Microsoft 365 CopilotOneDriveOneNoteOutlookWindowsWord Try Microsoft 365 Copilot Available on desktop and mobile devices Try Copilot Chat Microsoft Copilot for Microsoft 365 is now Microsoft 365 Copilot. Learn more. Today at an event in New York, we announced our vision for Microsoft Copilot—a digital companion for your whole life—that will create a single Copilot user experience across Bing, Edge, Microsoft 365, and Windows. As a first step toward realizing this vision, we’re unveiling a new visual identity—the Copilot icon—and creating a consistent user experience that will start to roll out across all our Copilots, first in Windows on September 26 and then in Copilot for Microsoft 365 when it is generally available for enterprise customers on November 1. To summarize today’s announcements, here is the product line-up for commercial customers: Microsoft Copilot in Windows will be available on September 26. It will empower you to create faster and complete tasks with ease and lessen your cognitive load—making once-complicated tasks simple. We’ve made accessing the power of Copilot seamless as it’s always right there for you on the taskbar or with the Win+C keyboard shortcut, providing assistance alongside all your apps. Copilot in Windows will feature the new Copilot icon, the new Copilot user experience, Bing Chat, and will be available to commercial customers for free. Bing Chat Enterprise builds on Microsoft Copilot and adds commercial data protection—so you can be confident your business data is protected and will not leak outside the organization. With Bing Chat Enterprise, chat data is not saved, Microsoft has no eyes-on access, and your data is not used to train the large language models (LLM). Bing Chat Enterprise is available as a standalone for $5 per user per month and is included in Microsoft 365 E3 and Microsoft 365 E5. Copilot for Microsoft 365 is your AI assistant at work. It builds on Bing Chat Enterprise but is in a class all its own. It includes enterprise-grade security, privacy, compliance, and responsible AI to ensure all data processing happens inside your Microsoft 365 tenant—using technology Microsoft 365 customers have relied on for years. Microsoft 365 Chat is the new hero experience for Copilot for Microsoft 365 and goes far beyond simple questions and answers. It combs across your entire universe of data—all your emails, meetings, chats, documents, and more, plus the web—to solve your most complex problems at work. And it’s integrated into the Microsoft 365 Apps millions of people use every day—Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Teams, and more. Already used by tens of thousands of enterprise users in our Early Access Program (EAP) including customers at companies like Visa, General Motors, KPMG, and Lumen Technologies, Copilot for Microsoft 365 will be generally available for enterprise customers for $30 per user per month on November 1. Read on for more details about today’s announcements in Copilot for Microsoft 365, Bing Chat Enterprise, and Copilot in Windows. Copilot for Microsoft 365—your AI assistant at work In March, we showed you how Copilot can unlock productivity and unleash creativity in the apps that millions of people use every day—Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and Teams. Today, we unveiled a new, hero experience in Copilot for Microsoft 365: Microsoft 365 Chat. You saw a glimpse of Microsoft 365 Chat in March, then called Business Chat, but rapid advancements over the last few months have taken it to a whole new level. It’s a powerful new capability in Copilot for Microsoft 365 that goes far beyond simple questions and answers to tame the complexity, eliminate the drudgery, and reclaim time at work. Like an assistant, it has a deep understanding of you, your job, your priorities, and your organization. It can find whatever you need in your files (even the files you forgot existed), connect the dots across all your content and context at the speed of light, and even integrate with the apps you use to run your business. Preview customers can access it today on Microsoft365.com or in Teams when signed in with their work account. In the future, you’ll be able to access it wherever you see the Copilot icon when signed in with your work account. Copilot for Microsoft 365 Unlock productivity and unleash creativity in the apps millions of people use every day across work and life.Learn more Enterprise customers should call their Microsoft account representative to purchase Copilot for Microsoft 365 beginning on November 1. EAP customers will have the first opportunity to deploy Copilot across their organizations when it is generally available. In addition, we have expanded our EAP to a select group of consumers and small business customers, and are excited to learn more as we scale. Over the past few years, the pace and volume of work have only increased. On a given workday, our heaviest users search for what they need 18 times, receive over 250 Outlook emails, and send or read nearly 150 Teams chats.1 Teams users globally are in three times more meetings each week than they were in 2020.2 And on Windows, some people use 11 apps in a single day to get their work done. Microsoft 365 Chat will help everyone lift the weight of work.3 Download the Microsoft 365 Copilot app Learn to work in a whole new way with Copilot Lab We also announced Copilot Lab to help everyone learn to work iteratively with AI and get the most out of Copilot for Microsoft 365. Just as customers turned to Microsoft in the shift to remote and flexible work, they are relying on us to help people build new work habits for a new AI-powered era of productivity. And we want to help. With Copilot Lab, you can learn to turn a good prompt into a great one, share your favorite prompts with coworkers, and get inspired as we all learn how to work in a whole new way together. Once it’s generally available, Copilot Lab will be integrated into Copilot for Microsoft 365 and accessible via a website to all Copilot for Microsoft 365 users. Unlock productivity and unleash creativity with Copilot for Microsoft 365 We’re continuing to add new Copilot experiences in the Microsoft 365 apps. All updates will be generally available for commercial customers in November unless noted as “coming soon.” Copilot in Outlook helps you stay on top of your inbox and create impactful communication in a fraction of the time. Now you can: Ask Copilot to summarize an email thread to get key information with annotations that help you quickly jump to the source of the summarized content, and suggested action items, replies, and follow-up meetings. Choose “Sound like me” to match your unique writing style and voice when you’re using Copilot to draft an email. Follow a Teams meeting that you could not attend live, directly from Outlook on your own time. When the meeting starts, Teams notifies participants to record it. When the recording is ready, Copilot notifies you in Outlook. Copilot in Word transforms every part of the writing process to make you more creative and efficient.Now you can: Ask Copilot for a summary of any document to share as a recap or quickly get up to speed, and Copilot will now deliver a more in-depth bulleted summation with all the information you need. Ask Copilot to “rewrite” a paragraph, then scroll through a series of options to see what fits best. You can then adjust the rewrite tone to make it more neutral, casual, or professional. Refine a prompt by asking Copilot to do things like “make answer more concise” or “add a column in the table for the project owner.” Save time on formatting by asking Copilot to generate a table from your copy. Copilot in Excel enables anyone to analyze and visualize data like a data analyst. Now you can: Work with Copilot in Excel to help analyze, format, and edit your data to gain deeper understanding and insights. Quickly add a formula column, highlight key data with a prompt like “make all cells red where the value is under 1000,” filter and sort your data, and ask questions to instantly uncover key insights. Use Copilot to access advanced analytics; create powerful, professional visualizations, generate forecasts, and save time sorting through data with Python in Excel. Copilot in Loop unlocks the power of shared thinking, helping teams cocreate, stay up to date, and pick up where others left off. Now you can: Iterate with Copilot collaboratively as a team, cocreating prompts and reviewing earlier interactions to edit and improve on work together. Ask Copilot to generate a quick table on the page to help organize team projects. You can easily turn the table into a Loop component to share with teammates wherever they’re working—in Teams, Outlook, Microsoft Whiteboard, and Word on the web. Quickly catch up where your teammates left off by asking Copilot for a summary of a page or asking open-ended questions like “What key assignments were made since I was last on this page?” Generate a recap for a teammate that you’re handing work off to, so they can get up to speed on any updates or changes. Save time writing code with Copilot-suggested Code blocks that pop up automatically using the context of your work. Copilot in OneNote helps you stay organized, prepared, and ready to take action. Now you can: Gain deeper insights on your notes by asking comprehensive questions like: “What are the pros and cons of this process?” Quickly generate summaries of your OneNote content. Type just a few sentences and get a Copilot-generated paragraph, bulleted list, or organized section. Make your writing clearer and more effective with a quick Copilot edit. Copilot in Stream helps you find the insights and information you need from a video—in the Microsoft Stream web app or anywhere Stream videos work across Microsoft 365 apps—in seconds. Now you can: Get a quick summary of the video with a transcript of the relevant spots you need to review. Ask Copilot open-ended questions—“What was the discussion outcome?” “How did the site walkthrough go?”—to quickly understand outcomes and key points. Ask Copilot to identify when people, teams, or topics are discussed, then jump right to that point in the video. Ask Copilot for suggested follow-ups or actions from a video you missed. Copilot in OneDrive helps you find all the insights and information you need—without ever opening a file. Now you can: Ask Copilot open-ended questions related to an individual file or get a summary of the content. Bing Chat Enterprise—be confident using generative AI at work In July, we introduced Bing Chat Enterprise. As organizations adopt AI, they want to be confident that their data is protected. Bing Chat Enterprise adds commercial data protection, ensuring that sensitive business data is never seen by anyone, that the queries are never stored, and user input is never used to train the foundation models. Today, we also announced that Bing Chat Enterprise is now available in the Microsoft Edge mobile app and we’re bringing support for multimodal visual search and Image Creator to Bing Chat Enterprise. Boost your creativity at work with the ability to find information using images and creating them while protecting sensitive enterprise data. Bing Chat Enterprise is already part of Microsoft 365 E3 and E5, Business Standard, and Business Premium, which means more than 160 million people already have access. Copilot in Windows In May, we announced that Copilot was coming to Windows 11. Copilot in Windows—in preview starting September 26—empowers you to create faster, complete tasks with ease, and lessens your cognitive load—making once complicated tasks, simple. We’ve made accessing the power of Copilot seamless as it’s always right there for you on the taskbar or with the Win+C keyboard shortcut providing assistance alongside all your apps, on all screen sizes at work, school, or at home. Managing Copilot in windows Learn more ↗ And we’re empowering IT admins with controls to decide when they deploy Copilot in Windows to their enterprise and who has access. To help bring Copilot to more people across more organizations, we are excited to announce that Windows 365 Boot and Windows 365 Switch will also be available in this update, making it easier than ever to get a full, secure, personalized Windows 365 Cloud PC with Copilot—on any device. Microsoft was recently recognized as a Leader in Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Desktop as a Service (DaaS). Building responsibly As we bring Copilot to customers, we are guided by our AI principles, Responsible AI Standard, and decades of research on AI. And our Copilot Copyright Commitment means customers can be confident using our Copilot services and the output they generate without worrying about copyright claims. Learn more To learn more about Microsoft Copilot, read about all of today’s Copilot announcements on our Official Microsoft Blog, and for all the blogs, videos, and assets related to today’s announcement, please visit our microsite. You can learn more about Copilot for Microsoft 365 on our support page. Go to WorkLab to learn more about the art and science of prompting. Microsoft CopilotYour everyday AI companion.Try it today 1 Data represents top 20 percent of users by volume of searches across M365 services, emails received, and sent and read chats in Teams, respectively 2 Microsoft annual Work Trend Index 2023: Work Trend Index | Will AI Fix Work? (microsoft.com) 3 Data reflects the top 20 percent Windows devices by app volume per day LinkedIn Jared Spataro Chief Marketing Officer, AI at Work, Microsoft Jared leads Microsoft’s AI at Work efforts, helping every organization leverage AI and agents to solve their unique business problems, reduce costs, and drive net-new value creation. His team conducts research to help predict and shape what the future of work and business will look like across industries, while also delivering new products and features within Copilot, Copilot Studio, Microsoft 365, Dynamics 365, and Power Platform. Subscribe to Jared’s newsletter See Jared Spataro posts Related posts June 25 6 min read Copilot in Excel: Built for the era of Frontier Finance June 16 7 min read Copilot Cowork is now generally available June 2 3 min read Introducing Microsoft Scout: Your always-on personal agent
